Telcodocs 1205 Allowing the SR-IOV Network Operator to use an unsupported NIC (#58524)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/disable-sr-iov-subscription-update.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/hardware_networks/configuring-unsupported-nic-sriov-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="disable-sr-iov-subscription-update_{context}"]
= Enabling SR-IOV Network Operator developer mode

Follow this procedure to enable SR-IOV Network Operator developer mode to allow the use of an unsupported NIC.

.Prerequisites

* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You must have installed the SR-IOV Network Operator.

.Procedure

. Find the name of the Subscription CR for the SR-IOV Network Operator:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get subscription -n openshift-sriov-network-operator
----

. Update the subscription by patching its spec field by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc patch subscription sriov-network-operator -n openshift-sriov-network-operator --type=merge -p '{"spec": {"config": {"env": [{"name": "DEV_MODE", "value": "TRUE"}]}}}'

Reviewer: in the previous docs the subscription name is `sriov-network-operator-subscription`,  so better update to 
`s/sriov-network-operator/sriov-network-operator-subscription`

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/hardware_networks/configuring-unsupported-nic-sriov-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="disable-sr-iov-subscription-update_{context}"]

> = Setting the SR-IOV Network Operator in developer mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Enabling SR-IOV Network Operator developer mode
```

> Follow this procedure to set the SR-IOV Network Operator in developer mode that effectively enables an unsupported NIC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow this procedure to enable SR-IOV Network Operator developer mode to allow the use of an unsupported NIC.
```

.Prerequisites

* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You must have installed the SR-IOV Network Operator.

.Procedure

. Find the name of the Subscription CR for the SR-IOV Network Operator:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get subscription -n openshift-sriov-network-operator
----

. Update the subscription by patching its spec field by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch subscription sriov-network-operator -n openshift-sriov-network-operator --type=merge -p '{"spec": {"config": {"env": [{"name": "DEV_MODE", "value": "TRUE"}]}}}'
----

> . Verify that the `sriov-network-operator` pods is restarted by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Verify that the `sriov-network-operator` pods restarted by running the following command:
```

----
+
<1> The `sriov-network-operator-6dcf6f64f-4hf6d` pod has restarted.

. Run the same command after a few minutes and verify the `sriov-network-config-daemon` has restarted:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-sriov-network-operator get po
----
+
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                     READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
network-resources-injector-6r49n         1/1     Running   0          24m
network-resources-injector-skd5z         1/1     Running   0          24m
network-resources-injector-wkr55         1/1     Running   0          24m
sriov-network-config-daemon-6txht        3/3     Running   0          15s
sriov-network-config-daemon-lclsr        3/3     Running   0          16s
sriov-network-config-daemon-qhwvk        3/3     Running   0          13s
sriov-network-operator-6dcf6f64f-4hf6d   1/1     Running   0          3m28s
----

. Verify that the `sriov-network-config-daemon` logs report `dev mode enabled` by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-sriov-network-operator logs -f -c sriov-network-config-daemon sriov-network-config-daemon-bbdbw
----
+
.Example output

> +

Reviewer 2: extra space?

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[source,text]
```
